{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green249\blue107;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red34\green255\blue117;\red83\green83\blue83;\red193\green193\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c4706\c96078\c49412;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c100000\c53333;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20200\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 TURNING KNOWLEDGE INTO VISUAL EXPERIENCES\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs130 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Designs that Speak\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs96 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 What I Do\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 INTELLIGENT DESIGN FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\b0\fs70 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u57378 
\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Digital learning material\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\
Interactive learning content, including digital textbooks and multimedia modules \'96 tailored for modern e-learning platforms.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://renchi.biol.pmf.hr/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb2 \strokec3 SEE PROJECTS}}
\f4\b0 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs70 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u61704 
\f1\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Websites for Conferences\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\
Custom-designed websites for academic and scientific events, focused on structure, clarity, and seamless user experience.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://renchi.biol.pmf.hr/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb2 \strokec3 SEE PROJECTS}}
\f4\b0 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs70 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u57609 
\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Educational Visuals\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\
Smart digital tools and custom automations that streamline workflows, reduce manual tasks, and support productivity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://renchi.biol.pmf.hr/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb2 \strokec3 SEE PROJECTS}}
\f4\b0 \cf6 \strokec6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs70 \cf5 \strokec5 \uc0\u61573 
\f1\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 Business Automation\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 WHY ME?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs96 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 Because thoughtful design isn\'92t just about how it looks. It\'92s about how it communicates.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 From online textbooks to interactive e-learning modules.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 I don\'92t just design websites \'96 I help bring complex ideas to life in clear, structured and engaging ways.\cb1 \
\cb2 \strokec3 With years of experience in creating websites, learning materials, and visual content for academic and scientific projects, I understand both the technical and conceptual needs of knowledge-based work.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb2 I bring together design thinking, attention to detail, and a deep respect for clarity and structure. Whether you\'92re organizing a conference, publishing educational content, or building a custom e-learning space \'96 I can help you communicate your ideas effectively.\cf0 \cb1 \
\cf4 \cb2 Each project is a collaboration. I listen, adapt, and create solutions that reflect your goals and speak to your audience.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i\b\fs28 \cf7 \cb1 \strokec7 \'93Working with Renata was an absolute pleasure \'96 she understood our content and audience better than we did. The final website was not only functional, but truly beautiful.\'94\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'96 Marko V., Conference Organizer\

\f6\i \cf7 \strokec7 \'93We needed someone who speaks both \'91design\'92 and \'91science\'92 \'96 and she delivered perfectly. The e-learning modules are now not only informative, but truly engaging.\'94\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'96 Ivana M., Educational Content Lead\

\f6\i \cf7 \strokec7 \'93Not only did she deliver a stunning visual concept, but she also helped us rethink how we present our materials. A rare mix of creativity and precision.\'94\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'96 Jelena D., Editor of Scientific Materials\

\f6\i \cf7 \strokec7 \'93She brought clarity and structure to our online textbook project. Every step of the process was smooth, and the end result exceeded our expectations.\'94\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'96 Prof. Ana K., University Educator\

\f6\i \cf7 \strokec7 \'93Her ability to turn complex content into a clean, intuitive digital experience is impressive. She was responsive, thoughtful, and always one step ahead.\'94\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'96 Luka P., Project Coordinator\

\f6\i \cf7 \strokec7 \'93From the first draft to the final delivery, everything felt easy and well-organized. She just gets how educators think \'96 and what learners need.\'94\

\f1\i0 \cf5 \strokec5 \'96 Sandra T., Digital Learning Consultant\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs32 \cf0 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0\
Smart digital tools and custom automations that streamline workflows, reduce manual tasks, and support productivity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs130 \cf4 \strokec4 \
}